what story I mean you got a guy here yes
three big wasn't they less went blood
her name is Samantha Baker and today is
their 16th birthday she's gotten her
boobies oh I'd better go get my
magnifying glass they forgot my birthday
classic this is a single worst day of my
entire life
Universal Pictures presents sixteen
Candles the story of a girl who's stuck
with a guy who's driving her crazy and
stuck on a guy she's crazy about who's
Jake Jake Ryan
Jake's my boy Jake is a senior and he's
beautiful and perfect smiles me and I
don't say anything
can't believe I'm such a jerk you know
Samantha Baker could see looking at me a
lot
it's kind of cool away she's always
looking at me maybe she's
what's happening hot stuff his name is
long Duk dong nothing could shock me
anymore
underpants can I borrow your underpants
for 10 minutes go
[Music]
hate that
rock'n roll rubbish everybody in this
family has just got totally at her
limits
[Music]
[Applause]
you guys you just got to be cool you
just got to chill out and just be cool
just watch me comes back unless you take
care of at home
she's so Blitz she won't know the
difference JJ I don't have a car
did you take anything else terrible
happens
she's stuck between a half-wit and a
heartbreaker
I'm a serious girlfriend something I can
love everyone she knows he's either on
her case you know you're the one I want
to bug huh or out of their tree it only
happens once in a lifetime this has got
to be a joke
and once is enough happy birthday
Samantha yes he's getting good sixteen
Candles
[Music]